When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  Whenever I am making a project that involves many collaborators. In this case, the 
  repository is required to be shared by many people and thus remote is made. By keeping 
  everything local, it cannot be shared and accessed by people from other places.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
  This is because, it is not always ncessary that we want our remote and local repository
  to be exactly same. Sometimes, we want some changes to remain only in local repository 
  that we do not want to make public and other times, we do not want changes on remote to
  show upin our local repository. Thus, automatic pull is not suitable in all cases.
  
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead
of another?
  Branches operate on a single repository while both forks and clones are for more than one
  repositories. Cloning is when another repository is made using the link of the original 
  one. However, cloning is quite different from copying. Cloning is done when we want to 
  clone a repository from remote into our system or clone a repository from our system only. 
  Forking is like cloning that GitHub do for you. That is, instead of first pulling a 
  repository, and then making a clone, we can directly fork a repository on GitHub.
  
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
  This helps inkeeping two branches one which is in sync with the branch on GitHub and one
  which is a local branch to the syatem. This way we can keep track of local changes as 
  well as changes made on GitHub branch (which can be made by other collaborators) 
  separately. If required, these two can be merged later on but it helps keep track of 
  changes local and on remote repository isolated from one another till then.
  
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what 
would be harder?
  Without using Git or GitHub, I will have to face a lot of problems. It will be an inefficient
  and time consuming task. This will require that I make certain changes to my project and 
  then other collaborator will make his/her own changes. We would have to look out for
  what changes have to be kept and which have to be removed while making a completely new
  update. Though we will be working simultaneously but the projct won't be making in sync.
  In fact, each collaborator's work won't have any relation to the other's work. this could
  lead to a lot of problems while collaborating. 
  
  Surely, using Git and GitHub makes the work quite easier and saves a lot of time.
  
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?
What benefits does each approach have?

  We would want to make changes separately whenever we are trying some new experiment that
  we may or may not want to include in the master branch yet. As these changes could be
  faulty or unnecessary. This approach has the benefits that our experimental branch can
  be kept isolated from the main branch and we can make a pull request in order for other
  collaborators to see and merge if fault-free and suitable.
  
The Git commands and concepts used in this lesson are:
$git remote – to view and create remotes
$git remote add origin <url of the repository> - push an existing repository from Git bash
to the GitHub
$git remote –v – v stands for verbose 

We can change the remote directly i.e. changes which are present on GitHub but aren’t there
on local repository. 

$git push <remote> <local branch> - used to send changes to the remote.

$git pull <remote> <branch you want to pull> - used to bring changes from GitHub into local
repository.

Forking – it is like cloning that GitHub do for you. That is, instead of first pulling a 
repository, and then making a clone, we can directly fork a repository on GitHub. 

We can update just the local copy of the remote branch while leaving the actual local branch
alone by using the command git fetch.
$git fetch <remote branch name> - update the local copy of the remote branch

$git pull origin master = (is equivalent to) $git fetch origin and $git merge master 
origin/master altogether

Fast-forward merges are when the branch you are merging into is an ancestor of the branch 
you are merging from. 

By git pull origin master command, since the master branch is checked out so it will also 
update the working directory and staging area.
Also, since pull request is not a feature of Git but GitHub, therefore, it won’t affect the 
local master branch.
By committing a change, it does not get removed from the staging area.

Pushing a branch automatically updates the pull request on GitHub. 
